Update websockets.md (#335)
nanocurrency/nano-docs: docs/integration-guides/websockets.md

port = 7078
```

With the above configuration, localhost clients should connect to `ws://[::1]:7078`. 

!!! note

>     If using with Docker, set the WebSocket server bind address to `::ffff:0.0.0.0`. Be aware this actually opens up the RPC port to the world, but since we're running the node inside a Docker container and we included the option `-p [::1]:7078:7078`, it's bound to port 7078 on the localhost only.

Reviewer: > Be aware this actually opens up the RPC port to the world, but since we're running the node inside a Docker container and we included the option `-p [::1]:7078:7078`, it's bound to port 7078 on the localhost only.

This is already mentioned in "Managing the Container" of "Docker Management", can you link to it instead as in the current docs?

```suggestion
    If using with Docker, set the WebSocket server bind address to `::ffff:0.0.0.0` instead. Review [Managing the Container](../running-a-node/docker-management.md#managing-the-container) to ensure the websocket is not exposed externally.
```
